chore(curriculum): Update user stories and description for the multimedia player lab (#60237)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/lab-multimedia-player/67fccc2463253b213a000142.md

# --description--

> In the prior lecture videos, you were introduced to working with `audio` and `video` elements. In this lab, you will build out a multiple media player that will display an `audio` track and `video` with a transcript.

Reviewer: typo here

```suggestion
In the prior lecture videos, you were introduced to working with `audio` and `video` elements. In this lab, you will build out a multimedia player that will display an `audio` track and `video` with a transcript.
```

Author: Yes, I wasn't sure if I should change it when I read it in your notes. Thanks, I will update it right now.
